**Contact**: Ian Whalen 
**Role**: VP Product management

## Notes 
- 90%+ hands on keyboard time 
- 2 FDEs on team 
- good questions 




### Key Facts
- What they do: Robotics software development platform. Sort of an integration layer that abstracts away the complexities around networking and hardware, and makes robotics development about algorithms. 

### Why Them
> I like the company because it solves a problem I know and care about. Working on actual hardware is at the same time the most fun and frustrating thing on the planet. Sometimes it feels like for every 1 hour you spend doing the work, you spend 3 on calibration, debugging and networking. 

> I also see the potential. LLMs are having their moment, but robotics truly is the next big thing and Viam is going after the holy grail of robotics, and if it all works, this could be the most important robotics company on earth. 

> Finally I think id really love the day to day based on whats been described. It would essentially be a combination of my favorite things about both my phd and time as a founder
> Like in grad school, I'd be working on hard robotics problems, and different systems. But like being a fouinder I wouldnt be building in a vaccumm but actually working with stakeholders and getting feedback. 


### Personalized Intro
> I'm a 2x founder. My background was originally in aerospace engineering before doing a phd in robotics at Georgia tech. My research was in building safety filters for control systems, essentially its "the art of moving fast **without** breaking things". I was one of the founding members of the robotarium, which is an open access multi-agent robotics research lab at Georgia tech. 
> After graduating, I founded Pytheia with two lab mates. We sold camera based robotic perception software. 
> Right now, I'm planning to step down as CTO of my second company, Roostr. Here i built the full stack for automating supply chain workflows with LLMs. 
> My cofounder is planning to continue, but robotics has always been a passion of mine and I'm hoping to get back into the area. 

## What did you do at Roostr
Used llms to automate supply chain workflows 

## What did you do at Pytheia 
went through a lot of iterations, but essentially two stages: 
- shared camera based perception 
- AI SaaS 


### Thiel Question 
> robotics is more bottle necked by integration than algorithms

> Perception problems can be solved collaboratively and externally 


### Questions for Them

General: 
- **ROLE**: How open-ended is the role? Is it mainly building new things or implementing existing solutions? 
	- What kinds of things are built
	- Based on my backgrond, are there other roles I should consider along with this one?  
- **TEAM**: Can you tell me about the team I'd be working with? Whats the size and typical background. 
- **PROBLEMS**: whats the biggest problem or bottleneck the team is trying to solve right now? 
- **GROWTH**: What does growth look like in this role? Where do people go from here in 5 or 10 years? 
- **PROCESS**: what's the timeline and what can i expect from the hiring process? 
	- Whats the format of the technical rounds? 
	- What skills or areas do they focus on? 
- **SUCCESS**: What does it take to be successful here? 
	- Would have to happen in the next 1-2 years for you to look back and think "this was the best hiring decision i ever made"
- **BACKGROUND**: Is there anything about my background that gives you a pause? 
- **SUPRISE**: What's suprised you most about this company since joining? 
- **DEAL BREAKERS**: Are the any non-negotiables or deal breakers i should know about?
- **LAST**: Is there anything you wished I should have asked you but didn't?

Custom:
- How did you end up in this area
- How have LLMs changed how you go about building Viam
- How do you think about building the FDE role specifically? 
	- how does it support the business other than supporting enterprise contracts 
	- How does the FDE work feedback into 
- Whats the biggest bottleneck right now? 
- What are the most technically deep problems? Is there a research division 
- 