jacky  0:10  
Hey, what's up? Hey, what's up?

Unknown Speaker  0:12  
How much I'm distilling out this form or company, ventures.

Mark Mote  0:22  
Yeah, cool. Let me check it out. Businesses spend more than 12% of revenue to hire humans, buy tools and manage logistics. Okay, Rooster manages logistics for businesses and to end increase operating income by 15% or more. Rooster reduces logic, spend by logistics, spend by 10% okay, I'd be a little bit curious where these numbers are coming from. My background, I built my 10,000 hours and logistics? Yeah, I assume you've done the math on that. Sold AI flat SaaS to freight forwarders. LED product analytics at Flexport. Ran weekly business reviews now ports, that's good. I saw firsthand how logistics services across shipments exponentially degrade because attention doesn't scale logistics services across. Okay, little bit of ambiguity there, but I'm assuming you'll clean that up. So in house, logistics teams. Oh, can you not see me, by the way? Let me turn on my camera. Okay? There we go. And how so just to manage past services, okay, agents can give infinite attention to every shipment. It's not enough. The key is memory. Okay, it doesn't need to learn from past. Okay, practically resolved. Okay, storage is cheap, yep.

Mark Mote  2:15  
Execution, flywheel is priceless. More shipments, more exceptions, better workflow, more shipments.

Mark Mote  2:27  
Mr. Previews shipment contacts, internal workflows, past exceptions,

Unknown Speaker  2:35  
predicts new exceptions to solve.

Mark Mote  2:39  
Okay, this is good if they're coming in with a little bit of context. So really, like depends who you're sending it to, right? Shipment memories are stored as markdown optimized for agents to index and retrieve.

Unknown Speaker  2:59  
Yeah, you can say that

Mark Mote  3:04  
Mr. Lives in Slack, procures rates, move shipments, solve exceptions, owns invoice audits, okay,

Mark Mote  3:17  
learns from every shipment, access it started checking every time.

Mark Mote  3:39  
No consistent volume on trade lanes, chaotic job sites, messy warehousing, okay, specifically we focus on multi family hospitality procurement teams. They have repeating revenue and

Mark Mote  4:05  
nd zero, until large terms manufacturing and retail, total GP, or capital projects like construction.

Unknown Speaker  4:21  
I think the next slide talks about it, okay,

Mark Mote  4:24  
now that's negative cash conversion. Negative

Speaker 1  4:29  
cash conversion just means you get paid first and then you pay somebody

Mark Mote  4:33  
else, yeah, but I was just saying the next slide doesn't talk about capital projects. Actually, yeah, let me share my screen. You'll get the what do you call it?

Unknown Speaker  4:51  
Are you talking? Wait? Founder beach had no show me the slide.

Unknown Speaker  5:02  
14. 12,

Speaker 2  5:05  
yeah, and then new developments and major renovations for condos, rentals, hotel, gated

Unknown Speaker  5:10  
communities, okay, yeah, and I'm talking about

Unknown Speaker  5:15  
multi family and hospitality procurement

Speaker 3  5:22  
teams. Okay? 10%

Mark Mote  5:31  
cut managing transportation, yep, that's standard. 20% cut manage warehouse, distribution, okay, roughly comes down to 15 GP per second, okay,

Mark Mote  5:54  
okay, so the warehousing thing seems new.

Unknown Speaker  6:01  
Okay? Bit of a long deck,

Mark Mote  6:08  
but I'm sure you know that.

Unknown Speaker  6:19  
Yeah, about that, hold on. Let me show you two decks.

Speaker 1  6:27  
Seems to be it's more like a style issue than like some people optimize for narrative. Some people optimize for style. I figured I should go for narratives instead,

Unknown Speaker  6:38  
because narrative sounds narrative sounds like,

Unknown Speaker  6:48  
especially,

Mark Mote  6:58  
yeah, I mean, the only rule is like, make something attractive for them to buy into. Yeah, Tim's just a good rule of thumb based on how much attention people are willing to invest.

Unknown Speaker  7:15  
Okay, take a look at this. I so we don't lose it, and let me find one. Okay. Continue. I

Unknown Speaker  7:51  
introduce the errors. I

Unknown Speaker  8:10  
Okay, two paying customers, four signed yellow eyes,

Mark Mote  8:21  
bunch of guys without professional head shots. Maybe that's a good signal for engineers. There's in 2 million to reach 1 million. Arr,

Unknown Speaker  8:38  
this one's actually, PDF.

Unknown Speaker  8:47  
Here we go, the PDF. Yeah, the other ones.

Mark Mote  9:02  
Wow. What a weird style. The problem shortage,

Unknown Speaker  9:05  
I think this was totally AI generated

Unknown Speaker  9:09  
could be, yeah,

Mark Mote  9:15  
shortage of providers kept rolled with barriers to treatment or fueling a mental health crisis,

Unknown Speaker  9:21  
okay, maybe

Mark Mote  9:35  
I Just need to download this guy. There we go. I'm weird. It's like, blurry, okay, the icons are a little bit childish. I

Mark Mote  10:05  
differentiators, okay? Building an AI doctor, we allow providers to scale up to three export patients. Okay?

Mark Mote  10:22  
Blah, okay, cool. So what's the takeaway from these?

Speaker 2  10:30  
Yeah, did you may see its co founder, Hippocratic AI worth $3.5 billion

Unknown Speaker  10:38  
not bad. Yeah, that one.

Speaker 1  10:41  
If you're just glancing like on your phone horizon, you're not going to contract detail. My point is, all these template slides looks the same and like. I don't know what the takeaway is. Yeah.

Mark Mote  10:53  
I didn't know rishi's old company was called rooster.

Speaker 1  10:58  
Yeah. So anyways, I was thinking either I make another 10 page slide, it feels like this, or make something slightly different. So I did something slightly different, and I think the Icarus guy did a long back,

Mark Mote  11:18  
okay, yeah, I, like, did some espionage on them. There was, like, a event in Brooklyn Navy Yard where, like, all the companies were presenting, and I talked to them. Not that impressive of company, but I think that just shows you, anyone can race.

Speaker 1  11:42  
Yeah, I mean, I think for pre seed, what one out of 100 company gets to raise something crazy. Pre seed

Unknown Speaker  11:51  
is pretty nice. There you go.

Speaker 2  11:56  
This is their deck. I figure it's better to be different, yeah, than to be smart. You know,

Unknown Speaker  12:08  
I think was a long day at least

Mark Mote  12:20  
you get to perpetual Oh, this Icarus. Okay, yeah, there's actually a few icaruses. Icarus builds autonomous solar powered aircraft.

Mark Mote  12:38  
Oh, maybe I know this guy. I

Mark Mote  12:56  
conditions are very nice. I

Speaker 1  13:10  
i think my slides could be even shorter, but basically it's a two page memo turned into 20 slides. It's about 600 words. I

Unknown Speaker  13:23  
I think starting from here, it gets like,

Unknown Speaker  13:31  
ever watched Silicon Valley, the TV show?

Mark Mote  13:34  
Yeah, yeah, it's, it's hilarious, yeah.

Speaker 1  13:37  
Wanda, you know the guy who owns Hooli, he was like, pitching to his board on, like, how his companies are working. And then he just put like motivational quote as, like, back to back to back to back, and the board members like, dude, just get to the fucking point last 20% of his slide is exactly like that. And like, what the fuck maybe it does work. Yeah, I think he has better visuals than I do. I'm not sure if mine is too tense, maybe, maybe not,

Mark Mote  14:10  
but yeah, I mean, like they're putting things in the stratosphere. They're gonna have pretty pictures, like we we can show like a cargo ship.

Speaker 1  14:26  
So I have connected with like 150 VCs since I've got to Vancouver. Our connection request rates between the baby test is about like 20% to 30% on a good day. Okay, so that's ranking. I'm already booking calls and see how those goes. I just realized that I probably put more micro BCS, who writes like hustle phone size checks, because those clear fast. I forgot to do those actually. I just went for good ones, bigger ones. So I just told Joseph to start hitting up like 30 has a lung size species like now. So by Friday, we'll know how much calls we set up with those guys. Anyways, rolling with the deck we got, got calls setting up. I'm going to go to San Francisco next week to talk to Russia and Taylor. So when they do due diligence on them, they know what to say. Also going to talk to them about like the warehouse, and I think now is the VCs. The deck could always get incrementally better, just like a landing page. So I'll work on it if I have time. But just look more VCs meetings. That's not too hard at this point. I think we got enough leads to keep doing that. The next thing to do, which is to close more customers, because if we can close people as we close VCs, that would be the best

Mark Mote  15:53  
case scenario. Yeah, yeah, you're still same goal, I'm assuming,

Unknown Speaker  16:03  
yeah, gold doesn't change.

Speaker 1  16:06  
Last week, I was at Whistler, so could actually do much like skiing during the day and then working in the afternoon. So I did was pretty much the fact in production.

Mark Mote  16:15  
Okay, cool. Yeah. I mean, like, if it's, if it's that goal, I mean, like, I can be on board, you know, pending some salary and stuff, yeah, only, only if the goal is changing. Does there, like need to be a conversation around that?

Speaker 1  16:36  
Yeah, I want to see how fast I can close these like, little pieces haven't even done angels yet. You know, like, I really need to pick and choose. I only get to do 200 people a week. My name is cool, yeah, I think it's just about getting it done right every day. Got like being really smart about this, this consistency today, is going to build pipelines tomorrow, and then the day after tomorrow is when we close. So it's really dependent on how much consistent pipeline we build every single day,

Mark Mote  17:08  
right? Yeah. Action beats intelligence sometimes, yeah.

Unknown Speaker  17:14  
So I got VC calls set up. I think that's on autopilot. Joseph, right now, the dex

Speaker 1  17:21  
is the deck you've seen it now. Warehouses. The toughest part is, if you want to build like 1000 room for casino, let's say every room has two tables, the table top, the table top and legs comes on a disassembled from Vietnam, right? And you can't drop 1000 rooms of furniture out there on construction site. That's pretty insane. Okay? Actually, what people do is it comes in waves into warehouses, but then warehouses don't know what to do. Is like, I have slabs and I have sticks, and then somehow they need to go out on a schedule. I need to make sure I check them to see if they're damages, because then got to talk to warehouse or blah, blah. So all of that is, like, super messy. This is traditionally done by people who make 60k a year on my expertise.

Mark Mote  18:18  
Okay, yeah,

Unknown Speaker  18:20  
here comes rooster, right? Who does that

Unknown Speaker  18:23  
for you? Yeah, that's, yeah.

Unknown Speaker  18:26  
So that's the warehouse up. That's the whole thing. The thing that holds it together is called bill of materials,

Speaker 1  18:33  
or a boom. A boom kind of just orchestrate all of that. The end output are kits. So, like, this week we're gonna do 100 kids, so each kid can match your room, a floor, you know, a patio, or whatever. So it's like, how do you turn stuff in the container into kids on a schedule?

Mark Mote  18:54  
Okay? Think that makes sense. Yeah.

Speaker 1  18:58  
So it's a painting ass. When I was talking to, like, in the middle of the funnel, they were all saying, borders keep but, like, warehousing is a pain, yeah, so, but since you did the Metro warehouse, you just circle back. I was like, fuck, that happened like three four times in

Mark Mote  19:12  
the pattern, yeah.

Unknown Speaker  19:15  
And then Ra, now I need to go figure out how to actually pull that off.

Mark Mote  19:31  
Cool, yeah, ping me if you update the website, and I'll do like, you know, review on design I did that week or two ago, it only took, you know, like, an hour. So definitely, yeah, keep

Unknown Speaker  19:45  
at it on the website thing. So for the website, here's what I want to do.

Speaker 1  19:51  
Like, not as to do, but just framework wise, we have ICPs. Like, for each ICPs, I want to come up with, like, three to four things for you specifically. So I think for project managers, slash supply chain analysts, it's like the boom stuff. It's the procurement stuff we've been doing. You know, proactive management stuff per shipment. There are directors and head of logistics. You know, they're more like about influencing and like Mote project coordination, make sure everything high level is going well for the CEOs. It's more about scaling logistics without scaling head counts and how to do the operating margins right. And the

Unknown Speaker  20:36  
operating margins actually

Speaker 1  20:37  
ties back to what we said. In fact, pretty much you buy rooster, you make 15% more money on so working backwards, generally, that speaking, is you can save at least 10% on your overall electric expense, which is a 1.2% lift you can spend. You can hire 40% if not more, if not less humans to do these, like individual task, because we do it for you. All you need to do is just keep a skeleton crew to keep us honest, right? So we work for you, and then SAS is that we tilt it right, get paid per outcome. So that's where the 15% lift come from. Actually, if you tie up everything I said, I think it comes out to like, 27% more operating margins, which is like, yeah. Instead of making $10 you make $13 currently $100 which is like, free

Mark Mote  21:30  
money, yeah, my, my thought, like, you know, as a VC, reading through the deck, would be like, yeah. If this works for logistics, it probably works for other businesses too. And then someone felt like the actual first useful general AI agent for business. But you know, that's a double edged sword, saying that, I might just hint to that, but, yeah, let them see it. I Ah,

Speaker 1  22:03  
I got it in her it'll be some kind of, like, open claw Goody thing, like, grace is her son is helping me out, like she asked for us. Like, if you want to help, help me with that stuff.

Mark Mote  22:17  
But cool, yeah, one, one silver lining to me, like being doing other shit right now, is that like half of the time is just studying software engineering and how to build agents. So if we pull this off and like, the tech will be a lot better.

Speaker 1  22:39  
Yeah, yeah, I think we actually get a job at this, looking at the pipelines and stuff, so we'll see how it goes.

Mark Mote  22:46  
Cool, yeah, sooner is better. I can still stick to the same date it is like, if I do an on site, I'm probably burning a bridge. But, you know, honestly Fuck it.

Speaker 1  22:59  
Yeah, we'll see. So I think the best, the best situation for me is just to raise some like race, like 100k right away. That takes the pressure off immediately. So at least for me and that so that way I get some breathing room. I can just keep rating, but ideally, just get the race done by March. And Mark, right?

Mark Mote  23:24  
Yeah. Like, if you raised 100k you would be like, stop, do that.

Speaker 1  23:28  
Right? No, like, whoever, like, the moment they gave me money, they know that money's gone, and I know it too, but I think, I think, this should work, right? Because it's SAS. Have you seen like the S and P and that's like, SAS,

Mark Mote  23:51  
yeah, yeah. I mean, like SAS, SAS is dying, if not dead.

Unknown Speaker  23:56  
So if SAS is dead, what's next? Yeah, this is not next. What could it be?

Mark Mote  24:02  
Do? And it's specific enough where it's like you're not a competitor to bot code yet.

Speaker 1  24:07  
So, and I think claw code is the reasoning claw bot, open, open. Cloud is the harness. But what is? What is the brain? This is the brain, right Hippocampus, like, this is how the fucking neurons, neurons, gets linked, and then the rest of the brain uses it. And now you coordinate hands, which is like claw mark, and you do that. So, you know, what is the one thing to build for this particular thing? I guess it's us.

Mark Mote  24:38  
Yeah, yeah. I mean, like, been saying this for a while, like, don't try to build a better AI agent than hot code. You're just not going to win. You're going to win with, like, the integrations and the specific tools and the memory system, yeah.

Speaker 1  24:56  
And specific tools kind of got solved by open cloud as well, in a way.

Mark Mote  25:00  
Yeah, some of them, right? Yeah. And, like, there's more MCP servers all the time. So, you know, pretty soon, like, actually already searching through emails, kind of a solved problem. Searching through Mongo DB is mostly solved. You need some good guardrails, but there's an MCP server for that.

Speaker 1  25:26  
Yeah, I think we just need to build specific things. Like, you know, this shipment has 100 legs, and then for DNA, it gets broken down into smaller shipments. And all the invoices, the differences between actually executed invoiced versus flying will be recommended at Gap need to be closed and shrinking. So I think that's the challenge.

Speaker 1  25:54  
Yeah. Anyways, I need to build a demo for boom, and then I probably need to build a demo for like, open call in Slack that is somehow referencing our internal memory pack. I don't have access to my PC. I told the Internet to figure it out on like a virtual machine, and he's like, do we need, like, no, for like, UIs, I'm like, this Linux, probably, but I don't know. I don't have time to look into it figure it out.

Mark Mote  26:25  
Yeah, let them figure it out. I mean, like, you can, you can trade good design for more tokens. Ultimately, like, you could technically just use one mark down file for everything and then search upward until you find your thing.

Speaker 1  26:41  
Yeah, I have an obsidian bolt that's like hooked up to a GitHub somewhere. So all I need to do is to have the club or clone it from the virtual machine, and then just control the CICD, right? So that way, you know, they can only read it, can't write. Then it's more like it's approval heavy, right? And then it's fine. And then has a bunch of like plugins already that does, like vector search and embeddings or whatever like it comes out of the box, yeah.

Mark Mote  27:16  
Like vector searches is pretty trivial to implement in itself. It's, it's tricky to do right in a lot of cases. So like, if you're doing it on a PDF, then like, how do you chunk things up, right, and how do you capture the metadata of the page and all that?

Speaker 1  27:40  
Yeah, yeah. But we just have clean mark down dictated by us, because, like, we built the structure right optimize for whatever search output we have and the scope we're dealing with this quarter or this half year or this year.

Mark Mote  27:53  
So yeah. And then, I mean, instead of like, being a normal about writing, I would just, like, keep a really good get history and make sure that it doesn't wipe that out.

Speaker 1  28:04  
Yeah, yeah. I don't think I'm there yet. All I need to do is, just in case the VCs want a demo, I have a video ready to go and just be like, this video is better. I only have my iPad right now, so,

Unknown Speaker  28:17  
yeah, yeah, yeah,

Speaker 1  28:20  
but we'll see. We'll see. Yeah, I'll be really, I'll be, I guess, the best way to describe this, I'll be feeling some type of way, because I don't know how to describe the feeling yet. If everybody told me, warehouse pain, yes, and I build it, and they told

Mark Mote  28:41  
me, yeah, well, this, this kind of thing has happened before. Why does my video keep coming off?

Speaker 1  28:47  
Yeah? But everybody I spoke to, it's like, yeah, it just works off of spreadsheet. And then, like, we have a guy or a girl suffering, like, all the time. It's a pain, yes? Like, it sounds private, is like, yeah, it makes sense. You know, like, curious to see what kind of video we can make. Am i Great? And then if I make the videos like, the whole thing just makes sense based on the input we told you. Well, anyways, now I'm doing like root causes, so let's just see. Okay, yeah, I think the hard thing with us right now, because if everything works in Slack, then the demo is weird,

Mark Mote  29:29  
like a Slack demo is weird, or a demo not in Slack is weird If we're using slack.

Unknown Speaker  29:38  
Because if I'm just like, do I prompt it? Like, what do I do? You

Mark Mote  29:49  
know, make a make a channel for demos, like, right? Just have it communicate with the slack bot.

Speaker 1  29:58  
Yeah, right. Now, the design decision I'm thinking is one it just to like, by code the UI. The other one's like, just by code the box. Like, which one do I buy? Code I'm thinking, because I'm pressed for time, and like, our customers are still pretty backwards compared to where we are. Maybe I still do the UI because that's something they can see. But then when it comes to investor, then everything works off of slack, and by the time we have enough funding, then we should probably split the slack thing is back up. Yeah.

Mark Mote  30:33  
I mean, like, I think everyone understands, like, UIs are kind of cheap these days. You know, if, if you vibe, coded it well, you could, like, you know, literally, just like, add the person to the Slack channel and say, you know, ask it these questions. But that's, it's pretty risky.

Speaker 1  30:54  
Yeah, I think it's more about, like, if I buy code everything, that everything can just work on Super base, right? And then the data is like the mock and real, and it's easy, but if I do it off of slack, actually, I need to build a whole full stack thing, and that just takes longer.

Mark Mote  31:18  
Oh, I may be missing something. What's, what's the complexity that slacks add slack adds, because I think of slack is just like a free UI, right? Yeah?

Speaker 1  31:29  
Because, like, if I buy code it, then super base comes out of the box. I don't even need to think about it, yeah? But then with Slack, then I need to configure those stuff and figure reiterations. It's 30% of the time.

Mark Mote  31:43  
Sometimes I've done slack before. I forget what stage of our journey that was in, but it was, it surprised me how simple it was. So I'd invest like, half an hour and just see if that happens. Yeah, okay,

Speaker 1  31:57  
yeah, maybe I just over scoped it. Anyways, VCs connecting to the customer. I need to hit up with them again and then ideally close one or two little tracks, close the customer, get the lead, and then close route looking at about $8 million pre so we raise 1.5 that it puts that as $950,000

Unknown Speaker  32:24  
No, $9.5 million in total about migration by the end of March?

Mark Mote  32:36  
Yeah. I mean, it would have to be by March, whatever day we agreed on, but, yeah,

Unknown Speaker  32:43  
whatever, yeah.

Mark Mote  32:45  
But like, yeah, that's also like, if we hit the threshold, then we can keep going. I think is probably your point.

Speaker 1  32:53  
Yeah, we probably have different thresholds. But you know, as long as I'm making more progress towards the 1.5 that should be okay. I don't want 100 hey, I want 1.5

Unknown Speaker  33:03  
right? And I think,

Speaker 1  33:06  
I suspect what's going to happen is you can probably get some party round check, like, one or two more hustle funds, and then a lead, who's somebody who writes like, half a mil to 800 Hey, or a mill, they're asked to see one or two more customers. So I need to solve that

Mark Mote  33:21  
moving now in March, right? Yeah, yeah. So cool, okay, yeah, my, my absolute bottom is just like, you know what you kind of originally said, 750 but yeah, I think that that seems to be your bottom too.

Speaker 1  33:44  
So yeah, like people just the weird thing is, if I raise more, it becomes easy if I raise less than what people are raising right now. BC would just be like, What the fuck That's stupid. Or is there something I don't know that's going on?

Mark Mote  34:00  
Yeah. It looks bad, yeah, yeah. So, I mean, yeah. I mean not dilution is like, not even on the list of concerns. Let's, let's dilute this. Get the money in,

Unknown Speaker  34:16  
yeah, yeah. But 1.5

Speaker 1  34:18  
is going to put us a good spot. 1.5 means salary for five engineers for 18 months. Like 160 to 190 I would say, includes you and me, and then more salary or account executives. But they are, I'm only going to give them like six months, six months as AES you're supposed to be paying for yourself, and then something so if you don't hit the ramp, you should be like, go away.

Mark Mote  34:48  
Yeah, that makes sense. Yeah. I just got one ad across the board. Everyone keep it simple, and then also have a lot more intuition for these hiring processes now, which could be a bit,

Mark Mote  35:11  
you know, it's kind of crazy, like, until I started sending out the applications, I thought like no one on earth is dumb enough to still do leak code Interviews. Turns out everyone's doing the code interviews, and so I had to, like, get up to speed quickly on that. Nah. I mean, like, if I can't get the job on my own, I'm just not gonna Yeah, but yeah, so it's typically like, the finance people are still doing the code. People like anthropic and scale and, you know, the more innovative startups are doing, like pair programming, like a game, like, you know, code Tetris or something. So not Did you memorize a puzzle? But you know, if I give you a hard problem and look at you on the screen, are you going to fold? Are you going to ask questions, which is a little bit better? And then, yeah, I think that's, that's kind of the range. If everyone seems to like, at least do some kind of coding interview, anthropic seems to be like open Google, colab and Conan agent or something, right?

Unknown Speaker  36:28  
Yeah. Are you the final savers with anybody yet? Or is it still

Mark Mote  36:34  
a bride? It's progressing. Had a pretty good top funnel, like past the screens. There's one company that kind of rushed me and I agreed to an on site at the end of the month. That's Archer, which is, it's pretty cool. They're like autonomous EV tolls. The only downside is, it's in San Jose. I

Mark Mote  37:05  
yeah, I think it was started by the same guy who started figure Brett Adcock,

Mark Mote  37:20  
yeah, so pipeline is good so far. I mean, only one who's like said fuck off has been like the hedge funds, but honestly, like, I don't really want to do a hedge fund anyway. Why are they telling you to fuck off? Well, let's see one just gave me a leak of problem and I couldn't do it. That was like, a week, yeah, right, yeah, I mean, but that's, that's on me. Like, you know, if I'm, if I'm too dumb to, like, spend two weeks, yeah, bothering to learn this archaic thing, then that's kind of on me.

Unknown Speaker  37:58  
What are you gonna do? Yeah? Was it like a hacker rank, like an online thing, or is it like a live code?

Mark Mote  38:11  
It was like coder pad. So it was online. It was kind of like this. You pull up, like a shared notepad, they give you some you know, algorithm question, yeah, it was super old school, yeah, which I've learned that it's really, like, not about, it's very masterable, if you just, like, invest the time I get how these, like, just anyone could get, you Know, a 500k Google job back in the day.

Speaker 1  38:41  
Yeah? But like, and then you get stuck at senior levels. Of going from senior to either staff or people manager is like a real challenge. But other than that, it's like easy to get the 450

Unknown Speaker  38:55  
Yeah, and then getting good at interviews, it's like a really, really realize you,

Mark Mote  39:02  
yeah, yeah, it's thought provoking. And it's, I mean, it's fun to talk to people. I feel like it'll be useful someday when I'm on the other side of that. Like, you know, the mistakes they make. Some people don't pitch you on the company, which is, like, a huge mistake. Try to, like, convince you to work there. Some people are just like, I don't know. Like, giving the Lee code for the first interview tells you, like, as you're not going after great people. Yeah,

Unknown Speaker  39:37  
yeah. Okay. Anyways, I've also got the invite from company, ventures,

Mark Mote  39:44  
cool, yeah, keep me up to date. I'll periodically check the website and just, you know, do some design stuff, actually, right now, it's probably

Unknown Speaker  39:55  
the same right now, like, really optimized for

Mark Mote  40:00  
mobile, actually. Yeah.

Speaker 3  40:06  
Box, I still love the way this looks so beautiful. That's good,

Mark Mote  40:14  
good, good, good. Yeah, looks fine. Yeah. I made a few small updates, like, I got rid of the slider, and I readjusted the size of these regular white

Mark Mote  40:38  
screen, regular widescreen, like this, yeah?

Unknown Speaker  40:42  
It was like,

Unknown Speaker  40:45  
Yeah, I'm gonna shuffle these like stuff

Unknown Speaker  40:47  
around, okay?

Unknown Speaker  40:52  
And ideally, for every persona, you can click on it.

Mark Mote  40:57  
Okay, cool, yeah, yeah.

Speaker 1  41:01  
Also, I'm not sure if, I guess it's fine. It's like three white people with a white man in the middle. The company's like, Superbook, yeah.

Mark Mote  41:11  
I mean, it's two women, though, so yeah, like the middle guy needed to be like a black, transgender Muslim, but the mayor of New York or something and signal to the right x, yeah, like, Yeah, nothing, nothing's changes. I don't expect anything. We still have snow on the ground from like, three weeks ago?

Unknown Speaker  41:42  
Yeah, I think it's still below zero right now, right? Yeah,

Mark Mote  41:45  
yeah, it's, it's been the cold one.

Mark Mote  41:55  
Yeah, I would like, I would love to take a ski day right now. Yeah, one day,

Speaker 1  42:03  
yeah, yes, great, if you can just ski. And it was fucking insane. It's like, I had to ski with Joe. I'm like, I only can ski 10 days in a year, so let me do that with my wife, but like, at night, now I gotta work. So like, ski from eight to four and then work from five to one. And did that for like, a week. Almost died yesterday,

Unknown Speaker  42:27  
yeah, yeah.

Mark Mote  42:31  
Then while you're skiing, you're thinking about work, probably, which is, yeah, it's a nightmare.

Speaker 1  42:39  
And you know, I think I would prefer this to work than me having to be a product manager or, like, an engagement manager somewhere.

Mark Mote  42:48  
Yeah, yeah. I mean, like, I think, you know, I know it's like a dumb idea. Probably a lot of people say it. But like, if this doesn't work, then, like, in a couple of years. It might because it's, you know, there's something to it after, you know, add a new logo to our team page or something, yeah.

Unknown Speaker  43:11  
I mean, it's always easier to not do something, yeah. Oh, we'll see how it goes. I think one more logo.

Mark Mote  43:31  
Rajness still happy.

Unknown Speaker  43:34  
Oh yeah, she's really fucking happy.

Speaker 1  43:36  
All of her shipment got fucked for some reason, and then I was like, on top of it, and she was very grateful.

Unknown Speaker  43:41  
Nice. Yeah, so we'll see, and I'm gonna make an office visit to them next week,

Speaker 1  43:50  
finalize the warehouse, make sure they say the right things when the investors call. Cool, yeah, okay, we'll probably cut again next week. I'll update all the progress.

Mark Mote  44:07  
Cool, yeah, let me know. Good luck. I think, think you'll kill

Unknown Speaker  44:13  
it, yeah, like the first 70% of all the meetings are just going to be nose and then it just wraps at the last

Mark Mote  44:24  
like, batch, yes, yeah. Like, the first five are gonna be like, face plants. And then it stopped out from there, yeah,

Speaker 1  44:34  
I've been told, like, the first 70 out of 100 agenda,

Unknown Speaker  44:37  
last 30 is great. It's great.

Mark Mote  44:50  
Okay, cool. See ya try to take some time off this weekend. I'll talk to you next week.

Unknown Speaker  44:57  
Yeah, yeah. You.

Transcribed by https://otter.ai
