**Contact**: Dave Veisz 
**Role**:

## Notes 
- Great Vibe 
- Seems like they had big seed stage. 
- 40 ppl, 37 are engineers
- 100% in office
- Seems to be really solid culture
- Going to put me in touch with Hassan for next steps
- Should brush up on ROS
- 



--- 

### Key Facts
- What they do: 
- Dave joined 3 months ago 

### Why Them
> I love robotics, and the idea of an agent run lab autonomously doing research is extremely compelling. 

> It also seems like the team is still small and growing, and there's a wide range of technical problems unsolved. It seems like this is somewhere i could put my skills to use and actually have an impact 


### Personalized Intro
> I'm a 2x founder. My background was originally in aerospace engineering before doing a phd in robotics at Georgia tech. My research was in building safety filters for control systems, essentially its "the art of moving fast **without** breaking things". I was one of the founding members of the robotarium, which is an open access multi-agent robotics research lab at Georgia tech.

> After graduating, I founded Pytheia with two lab mates. We sold camera based robotic perception software.

> Right now, I'm planning to step down as CTO of my second company, Roostr. Here i built the full stack for automating supply chain workflows with LLMs.

> My cofounder is planning to continue, but robotics has always been a passion of mine and I'm hoping to get back into the area.


### Thiel Question 
> robotics is more bottle necked by integration than algorithms

> Perception problems can be solved collaboratively and externally

### Questions for Them

General: 
- **ROLE**: How open-ended is the role? Is it mainly building new things or implementing existing solutions? 
	- What kinds of things are built
	- Based on my backgrond, are there other roles I should consider along with this one?  
- **TEAM**: Can you tell me about the team I'd be working with? Whats the size and typical background. 
- **PROBLEMS**: whats the biggest problem or bottleneck the team is trying to solve right now? 
- **GROWTH**: What does growth look like in this role? Where do people go from here in 5 or 10 years? 
- **PROCESS**: what's the timeline and what can i expect from the hiring process? 
	- Whats the format of the technical rounds? 
	- What skills or areas do they focus on? 
- **SUCCESS**: What does it take to be successful here? 
	- Would have to happen in the next 1-2 years for you to look back and think "this was the best hiring decision i ever made"
- **BACKGROUND**: Is there anything about my background that gives you a pause? 
- **SUPRISE**: What's suprised you most about this company since joining? 
- **DEAL BREAKERS**: Are the any non-negotiables or deal breakers i should know about?
- **LAST**: Is there anything you wished I should have asked you but didn't?

Custom:
- What brought you to radical?
- What are the bottlenecks right now. Is it more on the research side, the agents side, or the robotics side. 
- If the robotics problem is solved tomorrow, what does that change. 
- I'd really like to know how you are thinking about structuring the design of the agents. I read this AI coscientist paper from google a while back and it was so thought provoking. 
- Potential for research oriented work on the robotics side? Allow publishing? 

Company
- How big is the team right now? 
- Where are you in terms of funding/ runway?
- Are you working with partners yet? What stage in terms of the product?
- Whats the the business model here exactly? 
	- Are you selling to customers, or doing internal R&D? 
	- Who is the end user? 
- 