## Notes 
- Was not the one I was expecting on the interview, or the  kind of interview I was expecting
	- Put me on with a software engineer, not on the team I was hoping for, didn't know about the role. 
- Asked me to go into detail on the Procurement Agent At Roostr
	- Something I was comfortable talking about but need much tighter script here 
- Straightforward implementation questions, nothing creative or exciting. 
- Asked me to do fairly simple problem: compute the result from a string
	- e.g. "1 + 2 - 4 / 5 * 6"
	- couldn't do it. Talking through a coding problem is not a problem I've ever had and LC problems ive been solving didn't help much 
- Overall, was not a great convo, seems like they are leaning more toward generic SWE work.
- Would be extremely surprised to hear back. But not a big deal, can't win them all and doesn't seem like my kind of work anyway. 

Reflection: 
- Anything requiring leet-code style interviews is mostly going to be a no-go for at least next 2 weeks. Can grind leetcode in mean time, but I mean don't have great feeling about these types of jobs, or my ability to perform on interviews. Even if I can build real systems better than anyone on the team, solving toy problems without tools while talking out load is just not what I do. The only way to solve any problem is to start by thinking about it on a notepad for 5 minutes. 
- Should maybe lean into archer, consider a different type of company to reach out to that wouldn't require this kind of thing.
- None-the-less: will bump up leetcode to 4-5 hours a day. Systems design and robotics for the remaining. 

**Contact**: 
**Role**:

### Key Facts
- What they do: 


### Why Them
> Essentially, I want to work in a place where I can wprk on a wide range of hard open ended problems, with an elite team of people. 
> DE Shaw seems like a place where I can work with some of the smartest people in the world, on deeply technical problems, that have real impact on the business

> The role in particular seems interesting because it seems like the financial version of what I built at Roostr: a general internal agent for the business
> I think building agentic systems is the most interesting frontier in engineering right now. Its such a useful area but the space is so new that people are still figuring out the right way to do things.
> Theres no standard textbook for it, just a rapidly moving commnuity sharing their insights. This makes it exciting because it falls at intersection of creative research, and great engineering. 


### Personalized Intro
> I'm a 2x founder. My background was originally in robotics and aerospace. I got a PhD from Georgia Tech. My research was mostly on mixed integer and convex optimization applied to autonomous vehicle safety. 
> After graduating, I started Pytheia, we started in computer vision, but pivoted into AI SaaS 
> Right now I'm stepping down as CTO of roostr. Roostr is an AI native freight forwarder, which means we build agents to automate supply chain workflows. 

> Roostr is still operating, but it seems like the next phase of the business is mostly going to be about scaling scales and operations. I'm more excited by building hard, frontier tech, so it seemed like a good transition point for me. 

## What I did at Roostr 
I was the CTO and sole production engineer. I built the entire operations stack, including everything from a user facing dashboard and payment portal to the LLM agents that automate workflows on the backend. 
The core technology is centered around automating the job of a freight forwarding operator, a job thats been centered around spreadsheets and emails for decades. 
There was a lot of evolution around the tech, and what we tried, but the core technical problem was building an agent to process incoming rate contracts from vendors 
Its a difficult problem because: 
- logic around international shipping is complex, in terms of fees and tarrifs
- everyone uses their own names, conventions, and fees, in their own language 
- you may have to go through different emails and kinds of documents to get the answer


### Thiel Question 
> most people think the next big wins in the AI space will come from new kinds of AI-SaaS. The thing you hear is "in a gold rush, sell shovels"  
> I think this is people extrapolating the patterns around what worked in the 2010s.
> The biggest winners from AI are going to be the people who build great internal tools to make existing busineses 10x more efficent. 
> the single biggest thing we learned at roostr is that in the world of AI agents, the SaaS model loses in almost every dimension
	- you dont get the upside, 
	- you cant experiement or allow internal failures, which are crucial to learning in this space
	- youre forced into a narrow area
	- theres nightmares around integrations with all the other tools
	- you cant redeine the process


### Questions for Them

General: 
- **ROLE**: How open-ended is the role? Is it mainly building new things or implementing existing solutions? 
	- What kinds of things are built
	- Based on my backgrond, are there other roles I should consider along with this one?  
- **TEAM**: Can you tell me about the team I'd be working with? Whats the size and typical background. 
- **PROBLEMS**: whats the biggest problem or bottleneck the team is trying to solve right now? 
- **GROWTH**: What does growth look like in this role? Where do people go from here in 5 or 10 years? 
- **PROCESS**: what's the timeline and what can i expect from the hiring process? 
	- Whats the format of the technical rounds? 
	- What skills or areas do they focus on? 
- **SUCCESS**: What does it take to be successful here? 
	- Would have to happen in the next 1-2 years for you to look back and think "this was the best hiring decision i ever made"
- **BACKGROUND**: Is there anything about my background that gives you a pause? 
- **SUPRISE**: What's suprised you most about this company since joining? 
- **DEAL BREAKERS**: Are the any non-negotiables or deal breakers i should know about?
- **LAST**: Is there anything you wished I should have asked you but didn't?

Custom:
- Add list here