**Contact**: Josh Merel 
**Role**: CTO

Notes: 
- vibe: mid tier; didnt sell me, or sound extremely excited. Didnt sound uninterested either. give it 50-50
- not clear read either way: said would pass notes around team and see if theres a hit. Process isn't fast so could be a week or more. 
- mostly questions were around what i was interested in, not around what i did or could do. 
- assuming the process is: he takes notes and asks other peopel if they would like me in


### What do you know about Fauna Robotics? 
Yeah so your building sprout a light weight humanoid for human spaces rather than factories
- 50lbs, 50k 


### Why Them
> Robotics has been my passion since undergrad

> What I like about Fauna, is that there seems to be a huge emphasis on both doing serious research, and actually shipping a product that goes out into the real world, where it interacts with people 
- I think the winners in this space are going to be the ones that invest in technical depth, while also being very serious about putting the product out there

> And this kind of fits my background too. The last 4 years as a founder have been all about shipping and getting real world feedback, but before that research was everything
> It would be great to be at a place where i could combine both 


### Personalized Intro
> My background is in aerospace and robotics. I did a robotics phd at georgia tech. 
My research was in safety critical control, I have a litle over 1400 citations from my work at that time. 
During grad school, I was on the founding team of the robotarium, which is an open access swarm robotics research lab at georgia tech. 
I also worked on robotics or autonomy projects at JPL, AFRL, and Stanford. 

After that I founded two companies, 

The first was in robotic perception, the thesis was that vision was the main barrier for getting robots out into the real world so we wanted to make something that wouold solve this. 

The other is AI agents for supply chain. 

The startups were a great experience, but robotics has always been my passion. I'm ready to get back to it. 


## What kind of role would you ideally look for 
Strongest foundation is in controls and optimization, ive built and sold perception, and the learning and RL side is where im most excited to go deeper. 

In terms of the feel of the work, I'd say an ideal day starts at a whiteboard and ends at a keyboard
- theres both open ended ideation, but also implementation 



### Thiel Question 
> Personalized answer for thier company or insight on area


### Questions for Them

General: 
- **ROLE**: How open-ended is the role? Is it mainly building new things or implementing existing solutions? 
	- What kinds of things are built
	- Based on my backgrond, are there other roles I should consider along with this one?  
- **TEAM**: Can you tell me about the team I'd be working with? Whats the size and typical background. 
- **PROBLEMS**: whats the biggest problem or bottleneck the team is trying to solve right now? 
- **GROWTH**: What does growth look like in this role? Where do people go from here in 5 or 10 years? 
- **PROCESS**: what's the timeline and what can i expect from the hiring process? 
	- Whats the format of the technical rounds? 
	- What skills or areas do they focus on? 
- **SUCCESS**: What does it take to be successful here? 
	- Would have to happen in the next 1-2 years for you to look back and think "this was the best hiring decision i ever made"
- **BACKGROUND**: Is there anything about my background that gives you a pause? 
- **SUPRISE**: What's suprised you most about this company since joining? 
- **DEAL BREAKERS**: Are the any non-negotiables or deal breakers i should know about?
- **LAST**: Is there anything you wished I should have asked you but didn't?

Custom:
- Based on what the team needs and what you've heard about my background, where do you think id fit best?
    - research?
    - implementation? 
    - FDE? 
    - controls? 
- What suprised you about how early customers are using sprout? 
- Whats the technical bottleneck, if you get one problem solved, what do you choose. 
- I see sprouts hardware is very oriented towards safety, how are you thinking about it with the software. Are you thinking about safety guarantees on top of learned policies? 
