**Contact**: Eric Harvey  
**Role**: Technical Recruiter

## Notes
- Things the team does: 
    - Fairly general job. They do a lot of things
        - Asked on the call why do i want to do something as *general* as GNC
    - Simulations
    - Momentum
    - Actuators and actuator interfaces 
    - C++ and Python are the basis
- 5 times a week in office 
- Intense work culture 
    - Asked how many hours ive worked at startups
- Process:
    - 45 minute call with hiring manager 
    - Second 45 minute call (wasn't clear)
    - Panel 
    - Onsite: 1:1s and presentation
- Things I didn't consider that are nice about Starlink
    - Helps bring internet to underserved communities
- What suprised him about spacex: 
    - action bias, motivation, intensity of the culture
    - common to get dinner in the office 

## Do you know what spaceX does
SpaceX builds and launches rockets and spacecraft
The two main businesses are launch servies, and starlink. The launch side does commercial, NASA, and defense missions. Starlink is now the majority of the business. 

## What do you know about starlink
Starlink is a constellation of around 10k satelites in LEO.
It provides broadband interet globally, and has around 10M subscibers. 
It all operates autonomously without human operators. 

### Why Them
Why SpaceX 
Yeah, so I think about career options in terms of two dimensions: alignment and impact
- how much do i beleive in the mission 
- and how much will I actually move the needle there  
SpaceX wins in both categories. 

In terms of alignment, it enbodies the entire reason why I became an aerospace engineer. Making humans an interplanetary interplanetary species is the single greatest mission of our lifetime. 

On impact, there's also no comparison.
I've watched SpaceX genuinely break paradigms around what poeple beleive is possibe. Reusing rockets, landing boostrs, building a constellation of  thousands of autonomous satellites. 
Ten years ago people were skeptical that a private company could matter in space, now people people question whether anyone else matters. 

In terms of starlink and the role specifically
I mean its a tremendously interesting problem. 
A swarm of 10k  spacecraft operating autonomously in LEO with collision avoidance. 
It ties together my favorite parts of all the things I worked on in my PhD: swarms, spacecraft, collision avoidance, and GNC. 
And as a startup founder I also have to admire that its the most profitable part of the business. 

### Personalized Intro
My background is in aerospace and robotics. I did a robotics phd at georgia tech. 
My research was in safety critical control for spacecraft, I have a litle over 1400 citations from my work at that time. 
I was on the founding team of the robotarium, which is an open access swarm robotics research lab at georgia tech. 
I also worked on projects related to spacecraft planning at JPL, AFRL, and Stanford. 

After that I founded two companies, one was in robotic perception, the other AI agents for supply chain. 

The startups were a great experience, but spacecraft GNC has always been my passion. I'm ready to get back to it. 

## Projects 
Robotarium: we built a lab with 100 differential drive robots thats open access, meaning anyone operate from anywhere in the world
- As you can imagine, there are some safety concerns related to that. Both in terms of bad code and damaging the robots 
JPL: worked on optimizing the trajectories and communication of a swarm of satellites around an asteroid 
AFRL: Safe spacecraft docking. Built a mechanism that would enforce safety by always guaranteeing the spacecraft was on a safe trajectory to a parking orbit. 
Stanford: I developed a way of optimal trajectory planning that modeled and used collisions, rather than just avoiding them 


## Ok why the startups if you love space so much. 
A few reasons: 
There was a problem I cared about
It was an adventure you can really only do at a certain period in your life. 
The learning velocity was unmatched. I genuinely learned more in my first year of startups than my entire PHD program. 

The problem is that after so many years of building things customers want, I want to go back to building things I'm passionate about. 

### Thiel Question 
> Personalized answer for thier company or insight on area


### Questions for Them

General: 
- **ROLE**: How open-ended is the role? Is it mainly building new things or implementing existing solutions? 
	- Based on my backgrond, are there other roles I should consider along with this one?  
- **TEAM**: Can you tell me about the team I'd be working with? 
    - how big? 
    - what kind backgrounds are you targeting? 
- **BOTTLENECK**: whats the biggest problem or bottleneck the team is trying to solve right now? 
<!-- - **GROWTH**: What does growth look like in this role? Where do people go from here in 5 or 10 years?  -->
- **INTERVIEW-PROCESS**: what's the timeline and what can i expect from the hiring process? 
	- Whats the format of the technical rounds? 
	- What skills or areas do they focus on? 
- **SUCCESS**: what does it take to be sucessful here? 
- **SUPRISE**: What's suprised you most about this company since joining? 
- **DEAL BREAKERS**: Are the any non-negotiables or deal breakers i should know about?
- **BACKGROUND**: Is there anything about my background that gives you a pause? 
- **LAST**: Is there anything I forgot to ask?

Custom:
- See on your LinkedIn that you just joined. Whats suprised you the most? 
- Saw you are lowering thousands of satelites into a new orbit this year - what kind of new challenges are coming out of that? 
- What does the development cycle look like: how quickly does code go from development to running on live satellites? 
- What do new hires typically have the hardest time getting up to speed on? 
- What does the GNC stack look like? 


